freshman_oppurtunities.md, before:

# Freshman/Sophomore

## Internships

|     Company    |     Program Name     | Major Requirement | Years Allowed | URM only? | Additional Requirements |
|:--------------:|:--------------------:|:-----------------:|:-------------------:|:---------:|:---------------------------------------------:|
|     Dropbox    |     Launch Intern    |  CS (or related)  |        all UG       |           | Must be first internship |
|      Intel     |         IRISE        |                   |                     |           |                                               |
|    JP Morgan   |    Finance Analyst   |                   |                     |           |                                               |
| Morgan Stanley | Freshman Enhancement |                   |                     |     Y     |                                               |
|    Facebook    | Facebook University| None |Freshman, Sophomore| Y | N/A |
|     Twitter    | Twitter Academy? |                   |                     | Y |           |
| Google | Google Engineering Practicum | CS (or related) | Freshman, Sophomore | N | C, C++, Java, JavaScript or Python |
|    Microsoft   | Microsoft Explore | None | Freshman, Sophomore | N | CS101 + Calc |
|    Amazon   |                      |                   |                     |           | |
|    Pinterest   |                      |                   |                     |           | |
|    Khan Academy   |                      |                   |                     |           | |

## REU's

## Google SOC

## Random (Free) Udacity Course

Commit message:

separate internship gen from fresh-soph specific

freshman_oppurtunities.md, after:

# Freshman/Sophomore

## Freshman/Sophomore Only Internships

|     Company    |     Program Name     | Major Requirement | Years Allowed | URM only? | Additional Requirements |
|:--------------:|:--------------------:|:-----------------:|:-------------------:|:---------:|:---------------------------------------------:|
|     Dropbox    |     Launch Intern    |  CS (or related)  |        all UG       |           | Must be first internship |
|      Intel     |         IRISE        |                   |                     |           |                                               |
|    JP Morgan   |    Finance Analyst   |                   |                     |           |                                               |
| Morgan Stanley | Freshman Enhancement |                   |                     |     Y     |                                               |
|    Facebook    | Facebook University| None |Freshman, Sophomore| Y | Demonstrate interest in BSCS |
|     Twitter    | Twitter Academy? |                   |                     | Y |           |
| Google | Google Engineering Practicum | CS (or related) | Freshman, Sophomore | N | C, C++, Java, JavaScript or Python |
|    Microsoft   | Microsoft Explore | None | Freshman, Sophomore | N | Intro to CS + Calc |
|    Amazon   | Amazon Future Engineers | CS (or related) | Freshman, Sophomore | N | N/A |
|    Khan Academy   |                      |                   |                     |           | |


## Internships General
NOTE: Unless specifically stated, you have a shot at any internship, the above programs just have a more restrictive applicant pool. Despite not having a specific "freshman internship" role, companies like GE will hire rising sophomores in the hopes of bringing them back for a few rotations.


## REU's

## Google SOC

## Random (Free) Udacity Course
